c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\Bootstrap.dll.config
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\Bootstrap.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\Bootstrap.pdb
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\obj\Debug\Bootstrap.csproj.App.config
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\obj\Debug\Bootstrap.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\obj\Debug\Bootstrap.dll
c:\users\anthony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap\Bootstrap\obj\Debug\Bootstrap.pdb
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\Bootstrap.dll.config
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\Bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\Bootstrap.pdb
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\obj\Debug\Bootstrap.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\obj\Debug\Bootstrap.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\obj\Debug\Bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\Anthony\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Bootstrap30\Bootstrap\obj\Debug\Bootstrap.pdb
